All right I started it. Hello good morning my name is Dr. Bengi how can I help you? Hello I'm Andy and I have a headache in the front of my head. Okay so tell me more about this headache. Yeah it just started hurting yesterday afternoon and it's been it's just localized here to the front of my head and if I move my head forward it gets a little worse. All right and can you tell me more about the characteristic of the headache? Um yeah so it's a pulsating pain I think it pulsates with my heartbeat and it started yesterday after I ate some ice cream. All right then how intense is the pain at the moment? Hmm like it's it's kind of bad and especially if I lean my head forward it gets worse. On a scale of 0 to 10 where 10 is the worst? Uh like a 7. Okay and are there any factors that alleviate the pain? Um if I lie down and rest it's not as bad. Okay and so you told me that it pulsates right and it's the first time that you experienced this headache? Yes. Okay and it's bilateral it's not localized on one side of your head? It's on this side above my eye yes. Sorry is it on the right side? It's on it's on the right side above my eye. It's on the right side above my eye. Okay I understand then is it the first time that you experienced this headache? Yes. What type of headache? Okay okay and in your family is there anybody with migraine? Uh I don't think so. Okay does the light is the light um too strong for your eyes at the moment? No I can I can see fine. Do you see clearly? I think so yeah. Okay you didn't see anything particular before or after the headache like some lights some flashes? No I don't think so. Do you have any associated symptoms like nausea? Um I had a bit of nausea in the morning. Did you vomit? No I did not. Do you also have um a cold or runny nose? Uh just a little bit when it gets when it was cold in this morning but otherwise no. Fever? Uh I don't think so no. And do you have any problem with the sensation of your body? No I can feel my body fine. And with the strength of your body? I mean I just prefer to lie down because it makes the headache not as bad but I don't think I'm weak. Any problem with your ears? Uh no no problem. No problem. Sore throat? Uh no my throat's fine. Problem breathing? Um no no I breathe fine. Any other pain in your body? Uh no it's just my head the front part of my head. All right good and did you take any medication for your headache? Uh no not yet. Does the pain radiate somewhere else or just it stays there? It just stays here. Any pain in your neck? No my neck is fine. All right great Andy. So I think you can have either a sinusitis which is an inflammation of the nasal frontal cavity of your of your bones. Okay. Or either a migraine. Okay. Which is a bit unlikely given that you don't have the usually associated symptoms. All right. So I'll give you a spray for your nose. All right. And if the headache is too strong I can give you some pain medication. All right. Would that be okay? Yes thank you. Great see you. See you. All right let's see. Let's see.